This project is for the development documentation of DriverPass for the client Liam. Liam wanted to given drivers Ed students a website in which they could work towards goals through taking practice examinations. Students would also have the ability to schedule driving exams via the web interface. Students would have three packages to choose from for varying types of vehicles and have the ability for pay for them online. The system would account for three types of account users. Student, Administrator (& Secretaries) and Instructors. 
The design UML documents were clear and concise and well organized. These in my opinion were done particularly well. The UML documents indicate how the system would function and there is a document for non-developers to see the overlay of the system and developers to understand the inner workings. Though, if I had one thing to revise, I would rethink the connection between the database and web client. I would like to make it less reliant on database input, if at all possible, to limit client data needs. Overall, it would require less data to schedule appointments. 
The client Liam was clear with their needs for this program and the needs of their user base making it easy to develop documentation for this system. Given that client had a clear picture of what is they wanted, there was no need for redesigning the system. If the client was not, it would have required more time preparing the documentation needed for this system and delayed developers in the long run. Thankfully though, that was not the case. 
In designing software, ample preparation must be taken to account for documentation. There are many parties involved in the design process and this requires UML documents, and notes in regard to functionality. Because turnover is always an unfortunate possibility, however vexing, it is important to be well prepared and well documented to bring new members up to speed should such a possibility occurs. After taking notes on the clients needs it may be wise to clarify their needs as written so that there is no oversight or any misunderstandings. 
